Fix Abort on dry run benchmarks (#12886)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

> * Fixed abort on dry run `ydb workload * run --dry-run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where `ydb workload * run` comand could crash in `--dry-run` mode.
```
